Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/services/adjusting-service.md

This guide builds on the [Plugin Base Guide](../plugin-base-guide.md).

::: info

> Refer to this video on **[Decorating services](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rgf4c9rd1kw)** explaining service decorations with an easy example. Also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/events-and-di).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on dependency injection, services, and service decoration, see **[Dependency Injection  and Services](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/dependency-injection-and-services)** in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate learning path.
```
